Welcome to Excel Data Visualization Part 2: Advanced Demos.
By now you're probably a master of just about every chart type
that Excel has to offer. So let's turn things up a notch.
In this section, we're going to dive into some really unique,
advanced, next-level data visualization exercises.
But before we do, let's take a minute to set some expectations.
Number one: Advanced charts and graphs often require
the use of advanced formulas and functions. At the end of the day,
that's what makes them advanced. This isn't a formulas course,
you came here to learn data visualization. But formulas and functions
are critical components to enable really cool functionality
with advanced charts and graphs. During the demos, I'll talk about
the formulas and give you quick summaries, but it won't be
a comprehensive review. Second: Some of these demos are easy,
some might be hard. All I ask is that you proceed with an open mind
and trust me, you'll emerge as a data visualization wizard.
Last but not least, if you want to step up your formula game
and learn more about functions like SUMIFS, INDEX MATCH, OFFSET,
COUNTA, array functions and more, consider taking
an advanced Excel formulas course. With that said,
let's go ahead and get started with our first demo.
Get ready to create stunning, dynamic visualizations
that will transform how you present data in Excel.